# Comp-61
Game Summary: This idea of the game was created with the idea of making something simple but also entertaining. I Came with the idea when I was in my gaming room in the Business Building and I was playing a game of dodging bullets. It started inspiring me to create something similar but also implement what most simple but always entertaining mini games I played as a kid. For example the Dino Game where you have to jump over cactuses and the more you proceed the harder and faster it would get. This mini game is played by using a blue persona that looks like a block from roblox and a cannon.The cannon shoots from right to left and the bullets disappear within crossing the entire game screen. This creation is basic but fun. It creates that tension of wanting to keep playing until winning just because a simple mistake of not paying attention can make it a GAME OVER. 
Game Mechanics: 
The Controls for my Mini game are just to use the arrows right and left and up to jump. As well as using R to retry the game after losing. 
This mini game is all about dodging bullets by jumping over them.
The player progresses after completing each round of a one minute duration. There are 3 levels Each one with their own challenge and tactics on how to beat it. 
When losing I plan to implement a way to put sound and visuals. So when you get hit by a bullet your persona explodes. As well as if you complete all three levels the canon will explode. There is only one way to win or to lose. 
The story behind this creation was that this warrior is seeking revenge from the enemies from killing his father in war. This brought him anger and soon progresses to hunt down the people that took his father’s life away. As the level progresses the bullets of the canon getting faster isn’t that they got better weapons it’s that he is getting closer to them so the time intervals of the bullets is becoming less and less. Lastly it could end both ways he gets defeated and gets destroyed or he gets revenge and the canon explodes.
